Added Emily and made suggestion for readme (#6)
network-digital-old-norse-studies/network-digital-old-norse-studies.github.io: README.md

more information. Or get in touch with one of the network members.

## How to Contribute to the Pages (Step by Step)

> The basis of the pages are markup-files. If you want to understand how markup files are rendered as a web page, see the technical explanation below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The basis of the pages are markdown files. If you want to understand how markdown files are rendered as a web page, see the technical explanation below.
```

Reviewer: technically, markdown is markup, so it's not wrong... but mixing them may seem confusing, right?

This section will give you brief explanation on how to edit what is visible to the public in a way that is almost as easy as writing in the text editor of your choice.

### Step One

The most important thing is to first create a branch in GitHub for your edit. This makes sure there is some form of editorial oversight and changes
can be reviewed before being published. You can find out how to create a branch [here](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/creating-and-deleting-branches-within-your-repository)

> When creating a branch, give it a name like this: "wip/YOUR_BRANCH_NAME".

Reviewer: thinking about it: maybe we don't even need `wip/`. There won't ever be any non work-in-progress branches here, except main. What do you think?

### Step Two

> Edit the file in the branch you just created. You can do this locally or directly in the browser. All files are found in the folder "content".
> Editiing markdown is very easy: You use "#" to mark headings and just wirte your text underneath. If you need more formatting options, check out
> the resources listed in the section on markdown below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Edit the file in the branch you just created. You can do this locally (if you have cloned the repository to your computer) or directly in the browser. All files are found in the folder "content".
Editing markdown is very easy: You use "#" to mark headings and just write your text underneath. If you need more formatting options, check out
the resources listed in the section on markdown below.
```
